Add `.create_quiver()` entry (#6225)
Codecademy/docs: content/plotly/concepts/figure-factory/terms/create-quiver/create-quiver.md

---

> Title: '.create-quiver()'
> Description: 'Generates quiver plots to visualize vector fields with direction and magnitude.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Title: '.create_quiver()'
Description: 'Generates quiver plots to visualize vector fields using arrows to indicate direction and magnitude.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Data Science'
  - 'Data Visualization'
Tags:
  - 'Histograms'
  - 'NumPy'
  - 'Plotly'
  - 'Python'
  - 'Seaborn'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`.create_quiver()`** function in Plotly's `figure_factory` module generates a quiver plot, which is used to visualize vector fields. It is commonly applied in physics, fluid dynamics, and engineering to depict direction and magnitude of vectors in a given space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.create_quiver()`** function in Plotly's [`figure_factory`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/plotly/figure-factory) module generates a quiver plot, which is used to visualize vector fields. It is commonly applied in physics, fluid dynamics, and engineering to depict direction and magnitude of vectors in a given space.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
import plotly.figure_factory as ff

quiver = ff.create_quiver(
    x, y, u, v,

>     scale=1,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    scale=0.1,
```

Reviewer: reference: https://plotly.github.io/plotly.py-docs/generated/plotly.figure_factory.create_quiver.html

    arrow_scale=0.3,
    angle=math.pi/9,
    line=dict(color='blue', width=1)
)
```

**Parameters**:

> - **`x`**: A list or NumPy array representing the x-coordinates of the arrow bases.
> - **`y`**: A list or NumPy array representing the y-coordinates of the arrow bases.
> - **`u`**: A list or NumPy array representing the x-components (horizontal) of the arrow vectors.
> - **`v`**: A list or NumPy array representing the y-components (vertical) of the arrow vectors.
> - **`scale`** (default=`1`): A scaling factor for the arrow lengths.
> - **`arrow_scale`** (default=`0.3`): Determines the size of the arrowhead.
> - **`angle`** (default=`math.pi/9`): The opening angle of the arrowhead.
> - **`line`** (optional): A dictionary defining the line properties, such as color and width.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `x`: A list or NumPy array representing the x-coordinates of the arrow bases.
- `y`: A list or NumPy array representing the y-coordinates of the arrow bases.
- `u`: A list or NumPy array representing the x-components (horizontal) of the arrow vectors.
- `v`: A list or NumPy array representing the y-components (vertical) of the arrow vectors.
- `scale` (default=`0.1`): A scaling factor for the arrow lengths.
- `arrow_scale` (default=`0.3`): Determines the size of the arrowhead.
- `angle` (default=`math.pi/9`): The opening angle of the arrowhead.
- `line` (optional): A dictionary defining the line properties, such as color and width.
```

## Examples

### Basic Quiver Plot

> The following example creates a simple quiver plot with a circular pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, a quiver plot is created to visualize a circular vector field where arrows radiate outward in a radial pattern:
```

```py
import plotly.figure_factory as ff
import numpy as np
import plotly.graph_objects as go

# Generate circular grid points
theta = np.linspace(0, 2 * np.pi, 20)
x = np.cos(theta) * 3
y = np.sin(theta) * 3

# Define vector components with radial pattern
u = -np.sin(theta)
v = np.cos(theta)

# Create quiver plot
fig = ff.create_quiver(x, y, u, v, scale=0.2, arrow_scale=0.5)
fig.update_layout(title="Circular Quiver Plot")
fig.show()
```

The output will be:

![The output is a quiver plot displaying arrows arranged in a circular pattern, illustrating directional vectors clearly.](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/basic-quiver-plot)

### Customized Quiver Plot

> This example demonstrates how to modify the arrow styles with custom colors and scaling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to customize arrow styles in a quiver plot by modifying colors, line width, and scaling:
```
